DG add planned enhancement skeleton (#319)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

   1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**
**Team size**: 5

> 1. **Make find command for searching module-role more general, such that user can find all contacts with roles related to a specified module.

Reviewer: I think the phrasing can be more accurate, since after merging PR #320, we will be able to find different roles of the same module, using:
`find r/cs1101s r/cs1101s-ta`

```suggestion
1. **Allow the user to find people with any role associated with a module, by leaving out the role in the command.**
```

Reviewer 2: To address #273, can add partial match to find module-role

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**
**Team size**: 5

1. **Make find command shorter by allowing fuzzy search of module-role, such that user can find all contacts with roles related to a specified module, just by inputting module code or even fraction of it.
(For example:`find r/CS2103T` finds all contacts related to CS2103T, `find r/CS` finds all contacts related to modules whose module code starts with CS).**
The current find command automatically assumes that user wants to search student role if only a module code is supplied to the find command, which may be counter-intuitive to some users.
Sometimes, user cannot remember the full module code, or want to search over a wider range of modules, but the current implementation does not support that either,
hence reducing the usefulness of this command.

![point1 screenshot](images/Planned_Enhancements_Screenshots/Point1_1.png)
(As shown in the screenshot, the result of `find r/CS1101S` only matches contacts with role **CS1101S Student**, despite that there are 2 professors of CS1101S in the sample data.)

![point1 screenshot](images/Planned_Enhancements_Screenshots/Point1_2.png)

> (As showin the screenshot, the result of `find r/CS` results in error messages because construction of search query require exact module code to work.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(As shown the screenshot, `find r/CS` results in error messages because construction of search query require a full module code to work.)
```

Author: I think can leave `exact` because it is true that CS1231S only matches for CS1231S and CS1231 only matches CS1231, in this case CS1231 is a full module code but it is not exactly the mode matching the CS1231S people
